[doc] Add a "What's New" page for ReFrame 4.0 (#2709)
reframe-hpc/reframe: docs/tutorial_basics.rst

.. literalinclude:: listings/perflogs.txt
   :language: console

> The format of this file is controlled by :attr:`~config.logging.handlers_perflog` logging configuration parameter and, by default, contains several information about the test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of this file is controlled by :attr:`~config.logging.handlers_perflog` logging configuration parameter and, by default, contains a lot of information about the test.
```

Author: I will keep my text here.
